Add support for clearing previously sent status messages (#783)
foxglove/ws-protocol: docs/spec.md

- `op`: string `"status"`
- `level`: 0 (info), 1 (warning), 2 (error)
- `message`: string

> - `id`: string | undefined. Optional unique identifier that can be used for clearing the status.

Reviewer: nit: "Optional identifier for the status message. Newer status messages with the same identifier should replace previous messages. `clearStatus` can reference the identifier to indicate a status message is no longer valid."

> - `id`: string | undefined. Optional identifier for the status message. Newer status messages with the same identifier should replace previous messages. [clearStatus](#clear-status) can reference the identifier to indicate a status message is no longer valid.

Reviewer 2: seems odd to me that the ID is optional here but not optional for `clearStatus`

Author: The `id` field has to be optional here to keep the `status` operation backwards compatible.

#### Example

```json
{
  "op": "status",
  "level": 0,
  "message": "Some info",
  "id": "someId"
}
```

### Clear Status

- Informs the client that a previously sent status message shall be cleared.

#### Fields

- `op`: string `"clearStatus"`

> - `id`: string, the id of the status message to be cleared.

Author: @snosenzo's [comment](https://github.com/foxglove/ws-protocol/pull/783?notification_referrer_id=NT_kwDOAI0la7MxMTU0NTY5MzU2MTo5MjUwMTU1&notifications_query=is%3Aunread#pullrequestreview-2183977854) got me thinking that this could also be a string array to allow clearing of multiple status at once

```suggestion
- `id`: string[], ids of the status messages to be cleared.
```

Reviewer 2: yeah I think that's a good improvement
